‚è≥ **Date:** 2024/12/13
üë© **Attendants:** [[Libny]], [[Alejandro]], [[Arno]]

### üìÉ Agenda

- [ ] Discuss [Project description ](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18rs04aNBXg9iPkO8oGxhLr7NpN5W98gymZ3AQvNqzNc/edit?usp=drive_link)
- [ ] [[Preliminary proposal to LINK]]
- [ ] Discuss equity offering based on [[Meeting 3 with Gustav]] and [[Meeting 1 with Aaron]]

### ‚ö†Ô∏è Updates

- I presented the [[Preliminary proposal to LINK]] to [[Arno]]Arno, everything good. 
- Its the first time they are open to do this type of investments, their CEO is pro this project but she has to present the idea to the owners of the company to get their ok. 
- Best if we use the AB that we are creating now for Upskiller and then we create another one for the collaboration if everything works well. Using a company where [[LINK]] is co-owner could be problematic if we need to argue that we are two separate entities for the call.
- I sent [[Arno]] our notes on from the [[Preliminary proposal to LINK]]. He will talk to LINK's CEO and get back to us on Monday.

### üöÄ Actions

- [ ] Xxx