‚è≥ **Date:** 2024/12/01

### üìÉ Agenda

- [x] weekly updates
- [x] managing support from [[Belysningsstyftelse]]
- [x] meeting with Arno
- [x] long-term perspective
- [ ] understand critical points and time distribution
- [ ] intro to obsidian

### ‚ö†Ô∏è Updates

- Horizon call on BIM and digital twins, check [[Calls]];
- [[Smart Build Environment]] call;
- [[LINK]] is interested in integrating our project into their system;
- add [Sting](https://www.sting.co/) to [[Accelerators]];
- added [[Calls]] to check;
- we need Github accounts to sync our work;
- [[Libny]] got a permission to work 60% for 6 months, form Jan to June;
- [[Christoph]] is still figuring his involvement in percentage (20-40%);
- [[Alejandro]] explained two ways of receiving the support (directly without taxes or through an AB that hires us as individual enterpreneurs paying the taxes and social security). We can decide separately the mode of receiving the support;
- add [Drivhuset](https://uppsala.drivhuset.se/en/) to the list of [[Accelerators]];
- [[Alejandro]] would change the plan from making a dataset for [[Belysningsstyftelse]] to writing a proposal for [[Smart Build Environment]];
- started discussing different ways of organizing the company. No decision taken at that point.

### üöÄ Actions

- [ ] Checking [[Calls]] from the _Tocheck_ section [[Christoph]];
- [ ] [[Libny]] check [Drivhuset](https://uppsala.drivhuset.se/en/);
- [x] Share Github accounts [[Alejandro]];
- [x] Share Github accounts [[Libny]], [[Christoph]];
- [x] [[Libny]], [[Alejandro]] share the existing materials;
- [x] Put down several scenarios for our organization with SWOT analysis [[Stasja]] [[Alejandro]];
- [x] [[Alejandro]] checks with [[Belysningsstyftelse]] about the amount we get
- [ ] Start listing organizations for reference group ([[Stasja]] makes the document and [[Team]] fills it);
- [x] [[Stasja]] lists different scenarios for our organization;
- [x] [[Alejandro]] contacts Anders from f√∂retagarecentrum about √§garavtal and √§gardirektiv;
- [ ] [[Libny]] contacts people from development companies (Arup, Vasakronan);
- [x] [[Alejandro]] continues the conversation with [[LINK]];
- [ ] [[Christoph]], [[Stasja]], [[Libny]] go through the [application](<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Nw39aLQXX1vT108xCehXid6ua1sFzgRvoNgCRudiSdM/edit?usp=drive_link>) for [[Smart Build Environment]] and comment;
- [ ] [[Christoph]] checks with AIT;
- [ ] [[Stasja]] fixes the website;

---

_To see the results on the decision points check [[Meeting 3]]._
