‚è≥ **Date:** 2024/12/07

### üìÉ Agenda

**General**
- [x] [[Stasja]] intro to obsidian;
<<<<<<< HEAD
- [x] updates from actions from [[Meeting 2]];
=======
- [ ] updates from actions from [[Meeting 2]];
>>>>>>> baa4ebd6c9e51728492b58baf15c25e562a0151b

**Belysningstiftelse project**
- [x] [[Alejandro]] shows [time reporting system](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1acTvHOKD0QCCJYG0vyyUjruoZdrIs8IaxwaCIHO0d6s/edit?usp=sharing) and weekly payments
- [ ] _planning activities for budget for [[Belysningsstiftelsen]] project Jan-June, understand critical points and time distribution_
- [x] pilot integrations of daylight factor model (report from conversations with Arno (LINK), [Nonna (White)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Rr_ONEEyCVdrTXrf2g2M25nYnFcHp2lx_gOXL8V-bYU/edit?usp=drive_link), Andreas (Malmo) and Paul (ACC).
- [x] workshops organization: report from conversations with Arno (Sveriges Arkitekter), Marja (works for White and has good contacts in Boverket and Arkdes) and Nicolas (Velux).

**Smart Built Environment application**
- [ ] go through points from [[Meeting 2 with Anders (Nyf√∂retagarecentrum)]] and discuss possible ways of company organization ([[Libny]] reports conversation with Panos from Plant.se for inspiration)
- [x] discuss proposal for [[Smart Build Environment]]; 
- [x] discuss [proposal to LINK](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1bDdcWYPaniEzn-YdRcHmkYpZmLFw5OceWMGFG2Ec0dg/edit?usp=drive_link) 
- [x] updates from other possible partners (Tyrens, White, Malmo, Ramboll, Burohappold)

**Others**
- [x] ALMI grant

### ‚ö†Ô∏è Updates

-   [[Energimyndigheten]] -> till March;
-   [[Almi]] can be contacted;
-  [[Libny]] will be talking to  [Drivhuset](https://uppsala.drivhuset.se/en/) on Thursday;
-  [[Libny]] will be meeting Marcello from Bureau Happold on Wednesday. [[Bureau Happold]] could be a collaborator rather than a financing partner;
-  [[Christoph]] started looking for the right contact in AIT;
-  [[Libny]] updated on the situation with [[White]];
-  Our biggest potential partner is [[LINK]];
-  [[Alejandro]] wrote emails on workshops organization;
- More or less decided on the scope for [[Smart Build Environment]]


### üöÄ Actions
- [ ] [[Alejandro]] prepares the [crash course presentation on performance design](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10kDiuaBg9PXxkLYuyn7pi64yDn2dp6OcsFPlELe04hU/edit?usp=sharing)
- [ ] [[Alejandro]]  contacts [[Marja Lundgren]] (Boverket and ArkDes) and [[Arno]] (Sveriges arkitekter) to present the idea of the workshops
- [ ] [[Alejandro]] contacts [[Velux]];
- [x] [[Stasja]] does the list of activities assigning budgeted hours in the [time reporting system](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1acTvHOKD0QCCJYG0vyyUjruoZdrIs8IaxwaCIHO0d6s/edit?usp=sharing) (activities tab);
- [ ] [[Stasja]] makes a plan Jan-June for [[Belysningsstiftelsen]];
- [ ] [[Christoph]] contacts [[Almi]]
- [ ] [[Team]] fills the Time reporting for this week in the [time reporting system](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1acTvHOKD0QCCJYG0vyyUjruoZdrIs8IaxwaCIHO0d6s/edit?usp=sharing) (before Monday);
- [ ] [[Team]] goes through the documents sent by Anders;
- [ ] Start listing organizations for reference group ([[Stasja]] makes the document and [[Team]] fills it);

---

_To see the results on the decision points check [[Meeting 4]]._
