‚è≥ **Date:** 2024/11/23

###  üìÉ Agenda 

* weekly updates
* [[Deliverables]] to [[Belysningsstyftelse]]
* plan for [[Belysningsstyftelse]]
* [[Team Engagement]]
* role distribution
* setup discussion

### ‚ö†Ô∏è  Updates

* [[Libny]] shared updates on [SpeckleCon](https://conf.speckle.systems/)
* Deliverables for [[Belysningsstyftelse]] were discussed and documented
* [[Libny]] and [[Christoph]] will investigate on the availability of open data, incl. [boverket's API](https://www.boverket.se/sv/om-boverket/publicerat-av-boverket/oppna-data/)
* [[Stasja]] will make the github repo and share the current obsidian documentation
* [[Alejandro]] will look into synthetic data generator and share the existing code and paper with the [[Team]]
* [[Alejandro]] will prepare a workshop on building performance, metrics and swedish laws
* [[Libny]] will find out about the norwegian regulations on IFC deliverables
* [[Libny]] and [[Christoph]] will check with their managers on the possibility of working reduced hours.
* [[Team Engagement]] has been preliminarily established; [[Alejandro]] will start approximately in November, everyone else latest from January.
* Our name is [[Upskiller]]!
* [[Libny]] makes a general [info email](mailto:info@upskiller.xyz) that we all will have access to 
* [[Upskiller]] domain payment will move under the company expenses (funding from [[Belysningsstyftelse]])
* We do not set any roles for now, rather engage into work and fall into own areas of responsibility


____

_To see the results on the decision points check [[Meeting 2]]._